hey Griffin great news
what's that a bunch of new Sonic the
Hedgehog game just got uncovered by the
hacker supergroup arcane kids we heard
about this I've heard of our king kids
they took me on a existential
exploration of the humano in in bubsy 3d
but that same supergroup has a quick
story to tell in 2013 they acquired a
Dreamcast dev kit from the website
ebay.com they uncovered a bunch of files
a quote message in a bottle detailing
work of Sega's top secret studio and
long story short they uncovered four
unreleased Sonic the Hedgehog Dreamcast
games that have never been seen before
that means just now being exposed to the
public so let's I wish they'd come to us
at this scoop before they before I I
mean I get this actually just open
source it you know open source the
Hedgehog oh yes alrighty Britt okay okay
I think we're in here
can we talk about the ethical concerns
of of publishing this this video because
it seems it seems like kind of maybe
there was a reason my decide out I doubt
it very much
Sega wants to be free Sonic wants to be
free alright so we're in we got four
games here we got make my sonic Eggman
origin singular a sonic moviemaker and
my right sonic I'm liking this I feel
like I think we should do them in
chronological order
can we bump up that right so let's do it
oh that's a nomad 806 I'm careful your
computer your computer's gonna crash
Griffin every time I do this you you may
notice the music slows down by about 25%
alright let's kick this off with make my
sonic a sonic OC creator it's kind of
weird that Sega's never jumped on this
before it seems like a no-brainer god I
was really hoping that it was like a
make my video Sega CD Jam it's you know
we don't know yet this is where my beat
races it might be traces of that in
there let go
should I hit the leg girl button it
sounds like boo-boos what's he gonna do
the same thing kill me cuz I think
they're gonna kill me alright here we go
oh man already off to a good start
so let's oh my god no you broken him
it's a kale I just twist them right back
to normal now put him back normal Nick
no uh come on oh it's not too late I can
fix this next put him back there I have
to look at this here we go
alright I feel pretty good about where
we're at that's nice on our head oh he's
got a his head went down in size a
little bit there notice that um I want
him to look right at us I think would be
nice a support add his tortures at his
destroyers oh boy oh my god why'd you do
that I just hit the list I just hit the
legs button oh this is interesting
uh the ramifications of a one big leg
one small leg Sonic are
I've never really been explored in the
in the franchise vote I think actually
they have that character already in the
sonic burst
yeah there's you know there's a me
there's big the Cather's tails your
sonic shadow sonic Metal Sonic and then
sideways sonic because he can only run
sideways yeah he's got a Zoolander thing
going on what do you think though this
looks a little too supersonic for me
what I like that what do you think in
terms of color I like yellow cuz he
makes him look like piccata he does have
a Pikachu vibe um we're just gonna have
to hope we land on it that's close
enough where it's a green and yellow
pretty good um and oh wow I feel like
you do you have any Asian series to just
randomize it seems pretty random there's
not really any I like the second saying
hi to us which I like hello i Griffin
and Nick please set me free all right if
you just keep if you keep clicking arms
and make sounds like he's voguing yes I
should baby see oh I like that the arm
size and the hand size of randomize you
get like a tiny arm and I think that
looks pretty good now let's hop into the
OL photo booth his name's dragon April
the Hedgehog Oh like that can we change
that
nope okay sure can uh we'll find a good
angle for him
I'll get my ring you can get it no I
want you to get one on that little arm
oh it'd be tight if I could just get one
around that that cute little nose Can I
grab one nope I got it it's all luck
they're clipping through his hair come
on come on
come on I'm just gonna hammer on it
until we get one to stick on there like
a beautiful bangle come on
Wow statistic that you would think we'd
get one on this Hedgehog I wonder what
the exact hitbox of Dragon April the
Hedgehog is no no oh this is a nice peel
baby oh great yeah I think those uh-oh
is our first person one in there that's
pretty good printable mode oh nice you
want to print it out we can color it
ourselves
Oh God what are you dead to and directly
to say goodness why don't you uh why
don't you Oh
you've broken it okay I don't you in
printable mode like this why don't you
nope leave it like that and I waste wist
them all around just really ruin his
body shape and then we'll fix him it'll
be a cool surprise that's true so let's
build ourselves a new da which is funny
that's the website where I upload all my
dragon my my sonic Oh Sees too good
acronym all right looking almost normal
right so are we gonna try to reassemble
him like a jigsaw puzzle I know we're
going to disassemble unlike jigsaw from
the samba okay I kind of mmm that looks
bad and then yeah it looks a little uh a
little bit bad you think we're ready to
see how this looks
uh I I don't think it's gonna look as
funny as I'm gonna want it to but let's
let's do it yeah it's just kind of
examining his zone here um can you go
back into printable mode and throw rings
Adam sure like that that's artsy this is
a nice look I'm getting another gang oh
I like that
uh oh yeah it looks like he's doing like
some sort of butts done this is doing a
sexual split this is what they call that
well let's say hide over then we'll hop
into the next exam goodbye a dragon
thanks to Dragon april for the good
memories oh it really oh it doesn't like
it when I do that this is a proprietary
Dreamcast emulator that arcane kids
built so we even there's a cheat code
that lets you play Shane me maybe I can
kind of understand why that didn't end
up getting shipped Eggman origin again I
think sticking to chronological order
makes most sense yeah almost nothing is
known about Eggman origin there's no
surviving documentation we can tell was
an MMO from digging through the code but
have never seen past the title screen
alright let's get in here you have to
get a second ed adapter you have to oh
jeez this thing makes a little squeak
when I click it hmm
oh boy do you think she's gotta pee no
there has to be a way to this do you
think that that's like a baby Eggman
like is this help
is this what Eggman looks like before he
grows up do you think if you had an
actual network adapter for the Dreamcast
in your life you could somehow connect
it to your computer I don't really know
what interface it used but because based
on what I know it bub c3e like that game
goes deep it has some online
functionality and we'll come back to
Eggman origin I think you like there's
more there what does the trashcan do
I'm afraid that it might delete the
whole game Griffin I'm good I don't want
it click it I'll try it and then if it
does and we'll reinstall it
oh not yet not at this point yeah
that's mega mommy don't hold anything
back